# IoK8sApiNetworkingV1HTTPIngressPath

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**backend** | [**IoK8sApiNetworkingV1IngressBackend**](IoK8sApiNetworkingV1IngressBackend.md) | backend defines the referenced service endpoint to which the traffic will be forwarded to. | 
**path** | **str** | path is matched against the path of an incoming request. Currently it can contain characters disallowed from the conventional \&quot;path\&quot; part of a URL as defined by RFC 3986. Paths must begin with a &#39;/&#39; and must be present when using PathType with value \&quot;Exact\&quot; or \&quot;Prefix\&quot;. | [optional] 
**path_type** | **str** | pathType determines the interpretation of the path matching. PathType can be one of the following values: * Exact: Matches the URL path exactly. * Prefix: Matches based on a URL path prefix split by &#39;/&#39;. Matching is   done on a path element by element basis. A path element refers is the   list of labels in the path split by the &#39;/&#39; separator. A request is a   match for path p if every p is an element-wise prefix of p of the   request path. Note that if the last element of the path is a substring   of the last element in request path, it is not a match (e.g. /foo/bar   matches /foo/bar/baz, but does not match /foo/barbaz). * ImplementationSpecific: Interpretation of the Path matching is up to   the IngressClass. Implementations can treat this as a separate PathType   or treat it identically to Prefix or Exact path types. Implementations are required to support all path types.  Possible enum values:  - &#x60;\&quot;Exact\&quot;&#x60; matches the URL path exactly and with case sensitivity.  - &#x60;\&quot;ImplementationSpecific\&quot;&#x60; matching is up to the IngressClass. Implementations can treat this as a separate PathType or treat it identically to Prefix or Exact path types.  - &#x60;\&quot;Prefix\&quot;&#x60; matches based on a URL path prefix split by &#39;/&#39;. Matching is case sensitive and done on a path element by element basis. A path element refers to the list of labels in the path split by the &#39;/&#39; separator. A request is a match for path p if every p is an element-wise prefix of p of the request path. Note that if the last element of the path is a substring of the last element in request path, it is not a match (e.g. /foo/bar matches /foo/bar/baz, but does not match /foo/barbaz). If multiple matching paths exist in an Ingress spec, the longest matching path is given priority. Examples: - /foo/bar does not match requests to /foo/barbaz - /foo/bar matches request to /foo/bar and /foo/bar/baz - /foo and /foo/ both match requests to /foo and /foo/. If both paths are present in an Ingress spec, the longest matching path (/foo/) is given priority. | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


